OmniGraffle export scripts
--------------------------

Created by David Faitelson <davidf@comlab.ox.ac.uk>
Modified by Douglas Creager <dougc@comlab.ox.ac.uk>


This package provides command-line access to the export functionality
of OmniGraffle.  This allows you, for instance, to automatically
generate the necessary EPS and PDF versions of an OmniGraffle figure
for incorporating into an automatic build system for a LaTeX document.

The package consists of an AppleScript (graffle.scpt), which must be
edited using Apple's Script Editor application, as is stored in a
binary format.  This AppleScript contains the integration logic for
communicating with OmniGraffle.  As there are two versions of
OmniGraffle available, standard and professional, it takes the
application name as a command-line argument.

Two shell scripts are provided for simplifying the command line
interface.  One is hard-coded to work with OmniGraffle standard, the
other with OmniGraffle Professional.  Both have the same usage:

   graffle[-pro].sh [<format name>] <input file> <output file>

Both filenames are mandatory.  The format name is optional; the
default is "pdf".  The list of acceptable format names is not
well-documented in the OmniGraffle reference.  It seems that you can
certainly use the list of choices in the "Format" field of
OmniGraffle's export dialog box (e.g., "PNG bitmap image").  Shortcuts
also seem to work â€” "pdf", "PDF", "eps", "EPS" have all been verified
(under OmniGraffle 4.x) to produce correct output.


For Developers
--------------

If you plan on modifying these scripts, please note that the
graffle.sh and graffle-pro.sh files currently only differ in the
application name that they pass to the AppleScript.  You must ensure
that any changed you make to one shell script are merged into the
other.  It might be worth changing things so that this duplication is
not necessary.
